README.md, before:

### Hi there! <img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1536351075/4594/blob-wave.gif" width="25"/> 

I’m [**Thenuri**](https://thenuri-nethangi-portfolio-8s47.vercel.app/), an undergraduate Software Engineer based in Sri Lanka. I design clean user interfaces, architect scalable backends, and explore intelligent systems that solve real problems.

**These days I’m focused on:**
- AI & Machine Learning  
- Building intelligent evaluation systems  
- Three.js & modern frontend interactions  
- Scalable backend architecture

Currently, I'm developing a **dual-mode AI interview simulator** that generates resume-based and topic-based questions, evaluates answers using structured AI scoring, and provides targeted improvement insights.

---

**Some stuff I built:**
- [Wattpad Clone](https://github.com/mirayatech/miraya-face-reveal) - A full-featured story publishing platform where users can write, publish, discover, rank, and engage     with serialized content through comments, likes, follows, and personal libraries.
- [SYNEMA](https://github.com/mirayatech/image-card-stack) -  A multi-cinema movie booking platform with real-time seat selection, secure reservations, and seamless online    ticket purchasing across multiple theaters and screens.
- [Flip](https://github.com/mirayatech/Anime-Scene-Gallery) - A production-grade productivity suite unifying structured scheduling, contextual notes, and repeat-aware task    systems with real-time sync.
- [Hospital Management System](https://github.com/mirayatech/NinjaSketch) - Backend-driven system managing patients, appointments, and staff using ORM-based persistence and    modular architecture.

---

### Engineering Stack

**Core Languages**  
Java · Python · TypeScript · JavaScript  

**Interface & Interaction**  
React · React Native · Next.js · Tailwind CSS · Three.js  

**Systems & APIs**  
Node.js · Express · Spring Boot · Hibernate  

**Data & State**  
MongoDB · MySQL · Redis · Firebase  

**Infrastructure**  
Docker · Firebase Hosting  

**Tooling**  
Git · Postman · Figma  

**Architecture**  
REST · Microservices

---

**Fun Facts:**

* I don’t like coffee or tea
* Demon Slayer is my favorite anime
* **Hobbies:** anime & gym

Commit message:

Revise engineering stack section in README
Updated the engineering stack section for clarity and conciseness.

README.md, after:

### Hi there! <img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1536351075/4594/blob-wave.gif" width="25"/> 

I’m [**Thenuri**](https://thenuri-nethangi-portfolio-8s47.vercel.app/), an undergraduate Software Engineer based in Sri Lanka. I design clean user interfaces, architect scalable backends, and explore intelligent systems that solve real problems.

**These days I’m focused on:**
- AI & Machine Learning  
- Building intelligent evaluation systems  
- Three.js & modern frontend interactions  
- Scalable backend architecture

Currently, I'm developing a **dual-mode AI interview simulator** that generates resume-based and topic-based questions, evaluates answers using structured AI scoring, and provides targeted improvement insights.

---

**Some stuff I built:**
- [Wattpad Clone](https://github.com/mirayatech/miraya-face-reveal) - A full-featured story publishing platform where users can write, publish, discover, rank, and engage     with serialized content through comments, likes, follows, and personal libraries.
- [SYNEMA](https://github.com/mirayatech/image-card-stack) -  A multi-cinema movie booking platform with real-time seat selection, secure reservations, and seamless online    ticket purchasing across multiple theaters and screens.
- [Flip](https://github.com/mirayatech/Anime-Scene-Gallery) - A production-grade productivity suite unifying structured scheduling, contextual notes, and repeat-aware task    systems with real-time sync.
- [Hospital Management System](https://github.com/mirayatech/NinjaSketch) - Backend-driven system managing patients, appointments, and staff using ORM-based persistence and    modular architecture.

---

### Stack

TypeScript & Java for systems  
React & React Native for interfaces  
Spring & Node for APIs  
MongoDB, MySQL & Redis for data  
Docker for deployment  
Microservices where it makes sense

---

**Fun Facts:**

* I don’t like coffee or tea
* Demon Slayer is my favorite anime
* **Hobbies:** anime & gym
